Google Analytics - clarity on clientId (#431)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: destinations/analytics/google-analytics-ga.mdx

<div class="infoBlock">

To know more about the difference between cloud mode and device mode in RudderStack, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/connections/rudderstack-connection-modes/">RudderStack Connection Modes</a> guide.
</div>

Once you have confirmed that the source platform supports sending events to Google Analytics, follow these steps:

1.  From your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com), add the source. Then, from the list of destinations, select **Google Analytics**.

<div class="infoBlock">

Follow our guide on <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/connections/adding-source-and-destination-rudderstack/">Adding a Source and Destination in RudderStack</a> for more information.
</div>

2. Assign a name to the destination and click on **Next**.

> 3. In the **Connection Settings**, **Tracking ID**  is a required field to set up the destination and start sending events. Other inputs as shown below can be set as per your preferences:

Author: makes sense. will pick this up as a part of the doc revamp.

A sample `identify` call is as shown:

```javascript

> rudderanalytics.identify("abc123", {

Author: ```suggestion
rudderanalytics.identify("user123", {
```

> rudderanalytics.identify("abc123", {

Author: done!

>         name: "Ruchira Moitra",

Author: ```suggestion
        name: "Alex Keener",
```

>         email: "ruchira@gmail.com"

Author: ```suggestion
        email: "alex@example.com"
```

> On the server-side, if `clientId` is passed manually by sending `anonymousId`. If the **Send User ID** setting is enabled in the destination settings along with `cid` , `uid` will be sent where `userId` will be passed.

Reviewer: I think something is missing in the first sentence.

> On the server-side, if `clientId` is passed manually by sending `anonymousId`. If the **Send User ID** setting is enabled in the destination settings along with `cid` , `uid` will be sent where `userId` will be passed.

Author: ```suggestion
For server-side calls, if `clientId` is passed manually by sending `anonymousId` and if the **Send User ID** setting is enabled in the destination settings along with `cid`, then RudderStack passes the `userId` as the `uid`.
```

### How RudderStack takes the `clientId`

> RudderStack takes the `clientId` in the following **decreasing** order of priority:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack takes the `clientId` in the following priority order:
```

Author: with this change it's not explicitly clear if the priority is increasing or decreasing.

> 1. If `clientId` is passed in the `integrations` object while initializing the SDK, as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the `integrations` object while initializing the SDK, as shown:
```

```javascript
"integrations": {
  "All": true,
  "Google Analytics": {
    "clientId": "clientId"
  }
},
```

> 2. Sets `gaExternalId` as the `clientId` if it is specified in the payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. From the `gaExternalId` by setting it as the `clientId`, if specified in the payload.
```

> 3. If `anonymousId` is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. From `anonymousId`, if present.
```
